# BookBrowse Sentiment Analysis

This project performs sentiment analysis on book reviews fetched from a given URL. It uses Python scripts for web scraping and sentiment analysis, and a Node.js server to handle requests and responses.

## Directory Structure

  BookBrowse_Sentiment_Analysis/ 
    │ 
    ├── Backend/ 
    │      ├── Crawl_WebPage.py
    │      ├── Get_Sentiment.py
    │      └── requirements.txt
    ├── public/ 
    │     ├── html/ 
    │     │     └── index.html
    │     └── images/
    |           ├── favicon.ico
    │           └── bg.png
    ├── server.js
    ├── package.json
    └── package-lock.json


## Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mohammad-azam22/BookBrowse_Sentiment_Analysis.git
   cd BookBrowse_Sentiment_Analysis
2. **Set up the Python virtual environment**:
   ```
   python -m venv pyvenv
   source pyvenv/bin/activate  # On Windows, use pyvenv\Scripts\activate
   ```
3. **Install Python dependencies**:
   ```
   pip install -r Backend/requirements.txt
   ```
4. **Install Node.js dependencies**:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

## Usage
1. **Start the Node.js server**:
   ```
   node server.js
   ```
2. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000.
3. Enter a URL in the input field and click "Analyze".

## Files
  - Backend/Crawl_WebPage.py: Script to fetch book reviews from the provided URL.
  - Backend/Get_Sentiment.py: Script to perform sentiment analysis on the fetched reviews.
  - public/html/index.html: Frontend HTML file.
  - server.js: Node.js server file.
  - package.json: Node.js project metadata and dependencies.
  - package-lock.json: Automatically generated file that describes the exact tree that was generated by npm.

## License
  This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments
  - Beautiful Soup
  - NLTK
  - Express

Feel free to contribute to this project by submitting issues or pull requests. Enjoy analyzing book reviews!
